# SQL-Database-Movie-Store-Project

Online   Movie   Store   database   developed by   the   ProjectX   team   for   the   final   project   in   Database   Systems   class   at   University   of Washington.   The   following   sections   outline   the   database   application,   lists   the entities   that   the   database   stores   and   provides   some   SQL   queries   that   were   used   to build   the   database.   The   document   concludes   with   a   reflection   of   the   project.


The   application   developed   is   an   Online   Movie   Store   which   stores   several   movies, that   customers   are   able   to   watch   depending   on   the   kind   of   Subscription   plan   they paid   for.   The   application   allows   Customers   to   create   a   profile   and   choose   among three   subscription   plans:   HD,   Non   HD   and   TV-Shows   that   are   varying   in   prices   and the   kind   of   content   that   is   available.   The   Customer   is   able   to   login   using   their   name and   the   their   unique   account   number   as   the   password.      The   Customer   is   able   to rent   movies   or   tv-shows   as   long   as   it   exists   in   the   database.   The   Online   Movie   Store holds   a   maximum   of   20   copies   for   the   movies   and   tv-shows.   The   administrator   has authority   to   manage   checking   in   and   checking   out   of   movies   and   tv   shows,   keep track   of   the   movie   inventory   and   track   Customers   along   with   the   type   of subscription   they   have   signed   up   for.
